#Configuration Settings

###Connection Strings
As this is data driven test suite. All connections strings are ODBC data providers. Datasources corresponding to these connection string can be served to run test case.


###DataSources
This is used to map to a worksheet in excel and used as datasource to test case.

###LogManager

This section defines all the logging settings for the test run. Here we add Summaryloggers, Detail Loggers and define the severity settings.  
To add a logger we are required to provide an alias, its namespace, assembly name and it target (filepath in case of file loggers and console for console loggers).  
Severity values defines the extent of logging. Only those msgs which have a priority equal to or greater than the severity setting are logged.

###AppSettings
* runner - Value can be local or browserstack. THis key will determines the test run target either it will be a Local System or BrowserStack Remote Machine.
* driver - Value can be chrome or ie or firefox. In case of local runner we can specify driver here.

#### BrowserStack Specific Keys
* hubhost - BrowserStack remote url.
* browserstack.user - BrowserStack Usernmae. 
* browserstack.key - BrowserStack accesskey. 
* browser - Specify browser name and version e.g. chrome|36
* os - Specify os and version e.g. windows|8.1
* resolution - Specify resolution for end browser. e.g. 1024x768
* browserstack.debug - True/False. If it is true browserstack saves all debug info. 
* takesScreenshot - True/False. If it is true browserstack takes screenshots at all stages in test run.

#### Site Specific Keys
* site - Site name travel/rovia/dt
* application.environment - Specify environment qa/prod.
* application.tripsErrorUI.url - Environment specific Trips Error Uri.
* application.url -  Site url to be test.

* application.maxSearchDepth - Limit page navigation on results page for add to cart action.
* application.loggedfilepath - Provide path for storing log files and screenshots.

* application.preferred.username - preferred customer username 
* application.preferred.password - preferred customer password
* application.registered.username - registered customer username
* application.registered.password - registered customer password
